Update rdm chapter (#4556)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/rdm/rdm-methods.md

You should take notes in a manner that someone else, with a similar research background or yourself in six months, could use your notebook and repeat the work with the same results. 
It is very important to clearly describe every step taken and to be specific, otherwise reusers might misinterpret your documentation which will lead to challenges (as can be seen in this [exact instruction challenge video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDA3_5982h8)). 
See also the [](rr-rdm-metadata-documentation for more information on how to properly document your workflow. 

(rr-rdm-methods-open)=
## Open Methods/Protocols

[protocols.io](https://www.protocols.io/) an [Bio-protocol Exhange](https://bio-protocol.org/exchange) are repositories for protocols. 
For protocols.io, you can watch two short introduction videos by [Emma Ganley](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hva-oTapSWU&list=PL1CvC6Ez54KCcs99wV3eex1v5GUry6Yb7&index=12) and [Lenny Teytelman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wN6RqCmpqM&list=PL1CvC6Ez54KDvJbbdLn5rPvf1kInifEh9&index=13) to learn more. 

> See [methods & protocols - ReproducibiliTeach](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzpY4A5G70s&list=PLWb8IFSVeQ620plPweZIQSGQODpGOww8r&index=3) for the differences between protocol journals and protocol repositories (at 23:33).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See this video on [methods & protocols](https://youtu.be/CzpY4A5G70s?si=YPX9L_LAC5FAv7G3) from the [ReproducibiliTeach](https://www.bihealth.org/en/translation/innovation-enabler/quest-center/events/course/reproducibiliteach-strategies-to-make-your-research-more-transparent-robust-reproducible-2) team for the differences between protocol journals and protocol repositories (at 23:33).
```
